---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-09T02:03:25.769Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-09T02:03:14.673Z'
title: Adobe CEP
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-09-adobe-cep.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: adobe-cep/index.html
_type: Article

---
Adobe

find\_change\_by\_list

FindChangeByList

https://www.adobeexchange.com/producer\# 

===============================================

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

FindChangeByList is a search and replace batch list.

It does the same thing as Edit / Find/Change... in InDesign. But it can do many in one go. And a mixture of TEXT, GREP and GLYPH too. To have this function in a plugin allows for the list to be edited easily.

===============================================

===============================================

HOW TO INSTALL

Please use Adobe Extension Manager CC for installation.

After the install, use the menu: Window/Extensions/FindChangeByList

===============================================

NOTE TO APPROVER

Written and tested on InDesign CC 2014.1 (10.1.0.71 Build)

Written for the Common Extensibility Platform CEP.

Early versions of InDesign CC may or may not support this extension.

===============================================

HOW TO USE

This data file is tab-delimited, with carriage returns separating records.

The format of each record in the file is:

findTypefindPropertieschangePropertiesfindChangeOptionsdescription

Where:

is a tab character

findType is "text", "grep", or "glyph" (this sets the type of find/change operation to use).

findProperties is a properties record (as text) of the find preferences.

changeProperties is a properties record (as text) of the change preferences.

findChangeOptions is a properties record (as text) of the find/change options.

description is a description of the find/change operation

Very simple example:

text {findWhat:"--"} {changeTo:"^\_"} {includeFootnotes:true, includeMasterPages:true, includeHiddenLayers:true, wholeWord:false} Find all double dashes and replace with an em dash.

More complex example:

text {findWhat:"^9^9.^9^9"} {appliedCharacterStyle:"price"} {include footnotes:true, include master pages:true, include hidden layers:true, whole word:false} Find $10.00 to $99.99 and apply the character style "price".

All InDesign search metacharacters are allowed in the "findWhat" and "changeTo" properties for findTextPreferences and changeTextPreferences.

If you enter backslashes in the findWhat property of the findGrepPreferences object, they must be "escaped"

as shown in the example below:

{findWhat:"\\\\s+"}

===============================================

http://helpx.adobe.com/extension-manager/kb/path-tokens-extension-manager.html

$userroamingfolder/Adobe/CEP/extensions

This is the command line to generate the .zxp!

./ZXPSignCmd -sign com.zitrone.FindChangeByList com.zitrone.FindChangeByList.zxp selfDB.p12 RBS5252064 -tsa https://timestamp.geotrust.com/tsa

So: fire the Terminal (or the Win Command line), get to the directory where you've moved the ZXPSignCmd file (if you don't know how to do this, just type "cd " -- mind you there's a space -- in the terminal and drag and drop the folder, then hit Enter) and create a certificate using this pattern:

1ZXPSignCmd -selfSignedCert 

An actual example with fake data can be:

1./ZXPSignCmd -selfSignedCert IT BO DBCompany "Davide Barranca" OcaMorta selfDB.p12

Mind you, ./ at the beginning instructs the shell to look for the executable in the current directory. If everything went OK you should find a newly created selfDB.p12\. That's your self signed cert.

Gather together the Extension with the ZXPSignCmd and the selfDB.p12 in one folder, then build the ZXP using this pattern:

1ZXPSignCmd -sign -tsa 

Which in our example (I've put a fake password too) translates in:

1./ZXPSignCmd -sign com.example.helloworld com.example.helloworld.zxp selfDB.p12 OcaMorta -tsa https://timestamp.geotrust.com/tsa

If everything's OK you should find a newly created com.example.helloworld.zxp file. That's your self signed, timestamped installer; submit it to the Add Ons website and/or privately and enjoy.